README.md, before:

# Twig X Path Filter Plugin

The **Twig X Path Filter** Plugin is for [Grav CMS](http://github.com/getgrav/grav). It may be used to filter content with XPath expressions.

## Installation

Installing the Twig X Path Filter plugin can be done in one of two ways. The GPM (Grav Package Manager) installation method enables you to quickly and easily install the plugin with a simple terminal command, while the manual method enables you to do so via a zip file.

### GPM Installation (Preferred)

The simplest way to install this plugin is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm) through your system's terminal (also called the command line).  From the root of your Grav install type:

    bin/gpm install twig-xpath-filter

This will install the Twig X Path Filter plugin into your `/user/plugins` directory within Grav. Its files can be found under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter`.

### Manual Installation

To install this plugin, just download the zip version of this repository and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins`. Then, rename the folder to `twig-xpath-filter`. You can find these files on [GitHub](https://github.com/tsnorri/grav-plugin-twig-xpath-filter) or via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/plugins#extras).

You should now have all the plugin files under

    /your/site/grav/user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter
	
> NOTE: This plugin is a modular component for Grav which requires [Grav](http://github.com/getgrav/grav) and the [Error](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-error) and [Problems](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-problems) to operate.

## Configuration

Before configuring this plugin, you should copy the `user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter/twig-xpath-filter.yaml` to `user/config/plugins/twig-xpath-filter.yaml` and only edit that copy.

Here is the default configuration and an explanation of available options:

```yaml
enabled: true
```

## Usage

The plugin adds one Twig filter, namely `xpath`. It takes the filtering expression as an argument and returns the HTML from each of the filtered elements concatenated. For example, to select the second `p` element from anywhere in the document:

```
{{ page.content|xpath('(//p)[2]') }}
```

Commit message:

Fix input encoding, add the option to return a DOMNodeList

README.md, after:

# Twig X Path Filter Plugin

The **Twig X Path Filter** Plugin is for [Grav CMS](http://github.com/getgrav/grav). It may be used to filter content with XPath expressions.

## Installation

Installing the Twig X Path Filter plugin can be done in one of two ways. The GPM (Grav Package Manager) installation method enables you to quickly and easily install the plugin with a simple terminal command, while the manual method enables you to do so via a zip file.

### GPM Installation (Preferred)

The simplest way to install this plugin is via the [Grav Package Manager (GPM)](http://learn.getgrav.org/advanced/grav-gpm) through your system's terminal (also called the command line).  From the root of your Grav install type:

    bin/gpm install twig-xpath-filter

This will install the Twig X Path Filter plugin into your `/user/plugins` directory within Grav. Its files can be found under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter`.

### Manual Installation

To install this plugin, just download the zip version of this repository and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins`. Then, rename the folder to `twig-xpath-filter`. You can find these files on [GitHub](https://github.com/tsnorri/grav-plugin-twig-xpath-filter) or via [GetGrav.org](http://getgrav.org/downloads/plugins#extras).

You should now have all the plugin files under

    /your/site/grav/user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter
	
> NOTE: This plugin is a modular component for Grav which requires [Grav](http://github.com/getgrav/grav) and the [Error](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-error) and [Problems](https://github.com/getgrav/grav-plugin-problems) to operate.

## Configuration

Before configuring this plugin, you should copy the `user/plugins/twig-xpath-filter/twig-xpath-filter.yaml` to `user/config/plugins/twig-xpath-filter.yaml` and only edit that copy.

Here is the default configuration and an explanation of available options:

```yaml
enabled: true
```

## Usage

The plugin adds one Twig filter, namely `xpath`. It takes the filtering expression as an argument and returns the HTML from each of the filtered elements concatenated. The second argument, if set to true, causes the filter to return an instance of `DOMNodeList` instead; the default is false.

For example, to select the second `p` element from anywhere in the document:

```
{{ page.content|xpath('(//p)[2]') }}
```
